LP-07 

1. What is a class? According to the book, what does a class “arrange?”
Arranges information and behavior into a meaningful entity.

2. What are the two purposes of encapsulatiohn?
To combine methods and data within a class.

3. How do you instantiate an instance of a class? How do you access that instance?
Create a variable specifying the class as its type.

4. What is the default access of the fields and methods of a class? How do you change the default?
Fields and methods of a class are private and inaccessible to code outside the class.

5. What is the syntax for writing a constructor?
Is a public method that does not return a value.

6. What is the diference between class fields and methods, and instance ?elds ad methods? How do you create class ?elds and methods?
Function that is independent of any specific class instance.

7. How do you bring a static class in scope? Why would you want to bring a static class in scope?
 Enable you to bring a class into scope and omit the class name when accessing static members.

8. Can you think of a good reason to create an anonymous class? What is it?
A class that does not have a name.

9. What is polymorphism as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book.
Considered the third pillar of object-oriented programming, after encapsulation and inheritance.

10. What is message passing as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book.
Relies on the process and the supporting infrastructure to select and invoke the actual code to run.

11. What was the first object-oriented programming language?
"Simula 67"

